[WIP] Add transfer for sftp service support (#6639)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/transfer_server.html.markdown

			"logs:*"
		],
		"Resource": "*"
		}
	]
}
POLICY
}

resource "aws_transfer_server" "foo" {
  identity_provider_type = "SERVICE_MANAGED"
  logging_role = "${aws_iam_role.foo.arn}"

  tags {
	NAME   = "tf-acc-test-transfer-server"
	ENV    = "test"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `invocation_role` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used to authenticate the user account with an `identity_provider_type` of `API_GATEWAY`.
* `url` - (Optional) - URL of the service endpoint used to authenticate users with an `identity_provider_type` of `API_GATEWAY`.
* `identity_provider_type` - (Optional) The mode of authentication enabled for this service. The default value is `SERVICE_MANAGED`, which allows you to store and access SFTP user credentials within the service. `API_GATEWAY` indicates that user authentication requires a call to an API Gateway endpoint URL provided by you to integrate an identity provider of your choice.
* `logging_role` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that allows the service to write your SFTP users’ activity to your Amazon CloudWatch logs for monitoring and auditing purposes.

> * `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

Reviewer: these docs say that the tags are optional, but applying a resource without tags doesn't work:

```
Error: Error applying plan:

1 error(s) occurred:

* aws_transfer_server.sftp_server: 1 error(s) occurred:

* aws_transfer_server.sftp_server: Error creating Transfer Server: InvalidParameter: 1 validation error(s) found.
- minimum field size of 1, CreateServerInput.Tags.
```

i'm happy to open a PR to fix, but i guess i wanna verify that these are meant to be optional. i know that the AWS API doesn't require the tags, but i don't know if terraform wants them to be required?

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_transfer_server"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-transfer-server"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS Transfer Server resource.
---

# aws_transfer_server

Provides a AWS Transfer Server resource.

```hcl
resource "aws_iam_role" "foo" {
	name = "tf-test-transfer-server-iam-role"
  
	assume_role_policy = <<EOF
{
	"Version": "2012-10-17",
	"Statement": [
		{
		"Effect": "Allow",
		"Principal": {
			"Service": "transfer.amazonaws.com"
		},
		"Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
		}
	]
}
EOF
}

resource "aws_iam_policy" "foo" {
	name 		= "tf-test-transfer-server-iam-policy"
	path        = "/"
	description = "IAM policy for for Transfer Server testing"
  
	policy = <<EOF
{
	"Version": "2012-10-17",
	"Statement": [
		{
			"Effect": "Allow",
			"Action": "logs:*"
			"Resource": "*"
		}
	]
}
EOF
}

resource "aws_iam_policy_attachment" "foo" {
	name       = "%s"
	roles      = ["${aws_iam_role.foo.name}"]
	policy_arn = "${aws_iam_policy.foo.arn}"
}
  

resource "aws_transfer_server" "foo" {

>   identity_provider_type = "SERVICE_MANAGED"

Reviewer 2: We should likely add a separate example usage section for `API_GATEWAY`, even if we just start with only an example definition of the `aws_transfer_server` resource.

  logging_role = "${aws_iam_role.foo.arn}"

  tags {
	NAME   = "tf-acc-test-transfer-server"
	ENV    = "test"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `invocation_role` - (Optional) The Role parameter provides the type of InvocationRole used to authenticate the user account.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be the AWS SDK documentation for the parameter, which could be improved into more operator friendly documentation, e.g.

```suggestion
* `invocation_role` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role used to authenticate the user account with an `identity_provider_type` of `API_GATEWAY`.
```

> * `url` - (Optional) - The IdentityProviderDetail parameter contains the location of the service endpoint used to authenticate users.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be the AWS SDK documentation for the parameter, which could be improved into more operator friendly documentation, e.g.

```suggestion
* `url` - (Optional) - URL of the service endpoint used to authenticate users with an `identity_provider_type` of `API_GATEWAY`.
```

> * `identity_provider_type` - (Optional) The mode of authentication enabled for this service. The default value is SERVICE_MANAGED, which allows you to store and access SFTP user credentials within the service. An IdentityProviderType value of API_GATEWAY indicates that user authentication requires a call to an API Gateway endpoint URL provided by you to integrate an identity provider of your choice.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be the AWS SDK documentation for the parameter, which could be improved into more operator friendly documentation, e.g.

```suggestion
* `identity_provider_type` - (Optional) The mode of authentication enabled for this service. The default value is `SERVICE_MANAGED`, which allows you to store and access SFTP user credentials within the service. `API_GATEWAY` indicates that user authentication requires a call to an API Gateway endpoint URL provided by you to integrate an identity provider of your choice.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * `logging_role` - (Optional) A value that allows the service to write your SFTP users’ activity to your Amazon CloudWatch logs for monitoring and auditing purposes.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be the AWS SDK documentation for the parameter, which could be improved into more operator friendly documentation, e.g.

```suggestion
* `logging_role` - (Optional) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM role that allows the service to write your SFTP users’ activity to your Amazon CloudWatch logs for monitoring and auditing purposes.
```

Author: Fixed.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of Transfer Server

> * `id`  - The Server ID of the Transfer Server

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to include an example of what is provided here, e.g.

```suggestion
* `id`  - The Server ID of the Transfer Server (e.g. `s-12345678`)
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.

> * `endpoint` - The endpoint of the Transfer Server

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to include an example of what is provided here, e.g.

```suggestion
* `endpoint` - The endpoint of the Transfer Server (e.g. `s-12345678.server.transfer.REGION.amazonaws.com`)
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.

## Import

Transfer Servers can be imported using the `server id`, e.g.

```

> $ terraform import aws_transfer_server.bar HOGEHOGE

Reviewer 2: Since server IDs have a specific format which does not look like a friendly name, we should likely make this example more reflective of what is required, e.g.

```suggestion
$ terraform import aws_transfer_server.bar s-12345678
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
